# libcraft-generators
This crate contains the generators for all of the autogenerated files in libcraft.

Code generators are written in python and live in `python` directory. The crate also contains rust code that generates the `raw_block_states` lookup table.

There are both shell and powershell scripts available to invoke the generators and generate all code.

Running these scripts requires `rustfmt`, `cargo` and `python` 3.6 or greater. Note that code generation is not a mandatory part of the build process, so you only need to regenerate code after modifying a generator script.

`libcraft-generators` currently provides the following generators:
* Generator for `Biome` enum in `libcraft-core`
* Generator for `BlockKind` enum in `libcraft-blocks`
* Generator for `EntityKind` enum in `libcraft-core`
* Generator for `Item` enum in `libcraft-items` 
* Generator for `SimplifiedBlockKind` enum in `libcraft-blocks`
* Generator for `Particle` enum in `libcraft-core`
* Generator for the block state lookup table

Data is sourced from multiple sources.
* [`PrimsarineJS/minecraft-data`](https://github.com/PrismarineJS/minecraft-data), which provides the majority
of data. These files live in the `minecraft-data` subdirectory, which is a Git submodule. Make sure
that Git submodules are up to date before running the scripts.
* `libcraft-data` directory contains custom data files, made especially for libcraft.
* `raw_block_states` generator uses block state data generated by the vanilla minecraft `server.jar`
    * The block state data can be generated by downloading the `server.jar` and running `java -cp server.jar net.minecraft.data.Main --all`